# Sample Team Meeting Transcript

A product team meeting discussing Q1 roadmap priorities and resource allocation.

---

**Sarah (Product Manager):** Alright everyone, let's get started. Thanks for joining. Today we need to finalize our Q1 priorities and figure out the resource allocation for the notification system project.

**Marcus (Engineering Lead):** Sounds good. Who else is on the call?

**Sarah:** We have you, me, Lisa from design, and Tom should be joining shortly.

**Lisa (Designer):** Hey everyone! I'm here.

**Sarah:** Great. So let's dive in. As you know, leadership wants us to ship the notification system by end of March. Marcus, what's your assessment?

**Marcus:** Honestly, it's going to be tight. We decided to use the event-driven architecture, which is the right call, but it adds complexity. I'd estimate we need at least 3 engineers full-time for 8 weeks.

**Sarah:** We currently have 2 engineers allocated. Can we pull someone from the platform team?

**Marcus:** I talked to Jen about that. She said they're underwater with the migration project. We might be able to borrow someone in February, but not before.

**Tom (joins the call):** Hey sorry I'm late. What did I miss?

**Sarah:** We're discussing resource constraints for the notification project. Short version: we need 3 engineers, we have 2.

**Tom:** Got it. What about contractors?

**Marcus:** That's an option, but onboarding takes time. By the time they're productive, we'd be halfway through Q1.

**Lisa:** Can I add something? From the design side, we still haven't resolved the mobile notification UX. Users are going to be confused if we ship without that.

**Sarah:** Fair point. Let me note that as an open question - we need to figure out if mobile UX is in scope for the initial launch.

**Tom:** I think we should descope mobile for v1. Let's focus on web notifications first.

**Marcus:** I agree with Tom. "We should ship something solid rather than something half-baked on multiple platforms."

**Sarah:** Okay, so we agreed that v1 will be web-only. Mobile notifications will be a fast-follow in Q2. Does everyone agree?

**Lisa:** Works for me. I can focus my designs on web then.

**Marcus:** Agreed.

**Sarah:** Good. That's a decision. Now, back to resources. Marcus, if we go web-only, does that change your estimate?

**Marcus:** A bit. Maybe we can do it with 2.5 engineers. Still need that third person for at least half the time.

**Tom:** What if I pitch in on weekends? This project is strategically important.

**Sarah:** I appreciate that Tom, but let's not burn out the team. We'll find another way.

**Marcus:** Actually, here's an idea. What if we delay the analytics dashboard by two weeks? That would free up David to help with notifications.

**Sarah:** Hmm, that impacts the data team though. Let me action item that - I'll talk to the data team lead about the trade-off.

**Tom:** While we're on action items, someone should document the API contract for notifications. We can't have frontend and backend diverging again.

**Marcus:** Good point. I'll assign that to Emily. She's good at that stuff.

**Lisa:** Can I get a preview of that API contract before it's finalized? I want to make sure the response format works for our loading states.

**Marcus:** Sure, we'll share it by end of week.

**Sarah:** Okay let me summarize where we are. We've decided on web-only for v1. We need to solve the resource gap - options are borrowing from platform in February or delaying the analytics dashboard. Open questions: is mobile UX in scope for any phase, and do we have budget for contractors as backup?

**Tom:** Don't forget the API contract documentation.

**Sarah:** Right. Marcus will have Emily document that by end of week. Lisa will review before it's finalized.

**Lisa:** One more thing - when do you need the final mockups?

**Sarah:** Ideally by next Friday. Can you make that work?

**Lisa:** If we're doing web-only, yes. I'll prioritize it.

**Sarah:** Perfect. Alright, I think we've got a clear path forward. Let me wrap up with action items:

- Sarah: Talk to data team about delaying analytics dashboard
- Marcus: Have Emily document API contract by EOW
- Lisa: Final web mockups by next Friday
- Tom: Draft the technical spec for the event queue

**Tom:** Got it. By when do you need the spec?

**Sarah:** Can you have a draft by Wednesday? We can review it at our standup.

**Tom:** Will do.

**Sarah:** Great. Any other topics before we end?

**Marcus:** One quick thing - we should probably loop in security early this time. Remember the issues we had with the last project.

**Sarah:** Good call. I'll add that to my list - schedule a security review for week 2 of the project.

**Lisa:** Nothing from me. Good meeting!

**Tom:** Same here. Thanks everyone.

**Sarah:** Thanks team. Let's reconvene Thursday if we have updates. Otherwise, see you at standup.
